```markdown
# Data Breaches and the Costs of Companies Holding Data
In this document, I explore two articles related to the breach of data and the consequences and effects of companies holding such large quantities of customer data. 
## Article 1
In Dark Reading's (https://www.darkreading.com/attacks-breaches/10m-jd-sports-customers-info-exposed-in-data-breach) article about JD Sports recent data breach, they outline the company's recent announcement about the cyberattack on their data system - which contained the personal details of almost 10 million customers. 
Interestingly, the data apparently at risk is not overly sensitive without further information - a billing address, names, delivery address, and most importantly, the last 4 digits of credit cards. Perhaps it's a testament to how chronically online we all are that this information isn't completely private in the first place.
Interestingly, and more relevant to this class, the data is only at risk because it cannot definitely be said that the individual data has been accessed. Apparently the 'system holding the data' was accessed, and not the data itself - in other words, the database. 


Regardless, this article is yet another reminder of all the things that can go wrong (and have gone wrong) with the storing of vast amounts of information in companies' databases.JD Sports does not hold full payment info, luckily, but what is stopping various companies from doing that? 
The regulatory aspects of these mishaps need to catch up with the mistakes, because consumers must be protected from breaches like this if they're going to continue happening.Additionally, there are two quotes from officials of security companies to supplement the story, which had me thinking - outsourcing security to trustworthy companies that can perform better than in-house security will be increasingly important and a possibly worthwhile investment in the future. 
The dilemma with this is the possible sharing of such sensitive information with a third party. (unless it's possible to create a system that protects data without having access to the data itself - seems wholly possible) This potentially creates a less private world all around. Then again, is it possible for the world to get any less private? 

## Article 2
The Verge (https://www.theverge.com/2023/1/20/23563825/tmobile-data-breach-api-customer-accounts-hacker-security) reported another data breach, one that went quite noticed as it happened to a pretty reputable company. T-Mobile recently experienced a cyberattack wherein 37 million clients had potential data leaked. This attacker had access to an exploited API for a month (!) and was able to gain birth dates and names. 
Once again, these are quite non-consequential pieces of data. What's interesting about this piece is the inclusion of an API. Are databases where data is stored for companies usually in the form of APIs? 

T-Mobile said the API used by the hacker did not allow access to data that contained social security numbers or credit card info. So does T-Mobile have this info? 
Is it possible for a hacker to access this in the future?Additionally interesting about this piece is T-Mobile's bad record of data security here: they have apparently disclosed 8 hacks since 2018. Before, customer call records and credit application data were gained. At a certain point, one must question what is being done to combat these cyber attackers? And more importantly, the sole reporter of these attacks has been T-Mobile! 
In their own press release about the latest incident, they apparently omitted the fact that the breach had impacted 37 million accounts and that it had gone undetected for a month. What else can these companies omit? It's seemingly non consequential to admit these mistakes because there doesn't seem to be much ramification for such. 
What aspect of compliance internally ensures that the company is not hiding data leaks and/or keeping up security? Regulations need to keep up with this - perhaps the government needs some kind of data-counterpart to the SEC? 